# Polygon Finder for 2D Materials

## Overview
This tool is designed to calculate the polygons in periodic 2D materials structures, such as Graphene, Graphene Oxide, B-N doped materials, and more. It utilizes bond information from your structure, which can be automatically generated by LAMMPS, to analyze and visualize the geometric configurations within your materials.

## Features
- **Support for Various 2D Materials:** Compatible with a range of two-dimensional materials including Graphene and Graphene Oxide.
- **Detailed Visualization:** Generates files that can be used to visualize the structure and its polygonal configurations.
- **Ease of Use:** Simple command-line interface for quick and straightforward analysis.

## Prerequisites
Before you run this tool, ensure you have Python 3 installed on your system. Additionally, you will need to generate the required initial files using LAMMPS (or your own findings):

- `image_final.txt`: Sorted image file containing the structure information.
- `structure.xyz`: Coordinate file of the structure.

## Installation
Clone the repository to your local machine:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sownyak/polygon-finder-2d-materials.git
cd polygon-finder-2d-materials
python3 polygons.py image_final.txt structure.xyz cycle_file.txt

## Cite the paper
@article{mondal2024quantifying,
  title={Quantifying defects in graphene oxide structures},
  author={Mondal, Sownyak and Ghosh, Soumya},
  journal={Carbon Trends},
  volume={14},
  pages={100323},
  year={2024},
  publisher={Elsevier}
}

